# Prompt
**Good evening again. My fellow Singaporeans. We have had a busy year, both at home and internationally.
Two months ago, we hosted the first ever meeting between a US President and a DPRK Chairman, Mr Donald Trump and Mr Kim Jong Un. Singapore was just the host; we were not involved in the discussions. Still, we had a big responsibility to ensure that the Summit proceeded smoothly and safely.
Why did the US and the DPRK choose Singapore to host the Summit? I think they considered us a serious and reliable partner. We are friendly and straight with all parties. And both trusted us to have the infrastructure and capability to provide a safe and secure environment. It was a daunting task, but we rose to the challenge. We welcomed our guests with 'Uniquely Singapore' touches of warmth and hospitality. You may have seen the Sentosa cannons, barrels decorated with flowers and olive branches. SDC has good staff. We found and assigned Korean-speaking officers to the North Korean delegation. We packed goodie bags for 2,500 international journalists, with thoughtful items like bottled water and a portable fan to beat the heat. We kept the journalists well fed, with meals and snacks from local sponsors. We even had laksa flavoured cookies.
After the Summit, we held appreciation events for the officers who had worked so hard. I attended several of them. Tonight I want to thank the officers and your families once again, personally. You did not just answer the call of duty. You gave your best and more. Many of you worked 24/7. It was Ramadan, and Muslim officers were fasting. Some officers even had to abort leave plans, and cut short family vacations at the last minute. At the Home Team party, I chatted with a Gurkha Contingent officer, who had been on duty outside the St Regis Hotel. He told me how proud he had felt when a woman leaned over the crowd barrier to tell him: "Thank you for keeping Singapore safe."**

Taken from PM's National Day Rally [speech](https://graphics.straitstimes.com/STI/STIMEDIA/Interactives/2018/08/ndr-speech-analysis-2018/)

# Sample 1
 I also met the Deputy Chief of Army Staff, Senior Deputy Chief of Army Staff, Special Army Staff, Special Brigade Staff. These are all good officers. For those of you coming after Singapore should join our rowing unit in our inaugural training. The Royal Navy invites you to attend my reexamination of the historic choke hold called the Wing Pad. SAAMI AMPLE BED312-558 Turcy steering wheel undercarriage; C drone-armed Kudu tyres; 3 Mk Manila 61A; gimbal mounted on hull; 3 plate SOD-2 Potter basket boat with Piranha eight- and 10-gun Sqdn rockets aboard 13 min boat. 2 Exp reprinted with mod. 2014 Cross-posted as Singapore Diplomat<|endoftext|>To those of us who haven't experienced it it can get confusing at times, but this technique works for you because looking at the diagram below, there is no climbing, air or ground spirit. The elements feel concentrated, you grasp them open for air ascent, and then, your foot moves into a barrier, which is withstood by your arm, muscle rosin and nausea and vomiting.

To get simple:

Balance your body one foot to repeat 31 great steps on eight legs

Repeat 33 great steps twice on eight thighs

Talents and Lessons

And she is capable of a lot of sumo-work, such as alternating each step permanently, easing the way yourself, tracking your time with warriors, literally pulling you back to your feet and throwing you all sorts of sphinxes (such as mini-Shiba, feet rolled out as if to place hamstring in front of your left index finger).

Eroscillator/Magic Stretching:

When you learned this with Mundeke's Kung Fu toedles, I enjoyed it for not just trying and crunching but not only hurting but losing charge of my muscles. After having it take me the stand experimentally, I learned to use quads as if they were button joints to bring me back to agreement with Mike Probably's best to have your fifth finger in sphincter has copiously danced down another of his pins and then my feet, and now with them, giving you dimensionally no cues.

To use, take your finger on your toes and bend your no-holds-barred pillar, spinning a second time around. Finger-turn with your thumb back adjusts the angle of your back shoulders so your extra hips at the back of your neck are

# Sample 2
 Traveler @rami_631, @sharon_sun , @theplayhouse , & others are friends with the Philippines and U.S. officials from HR SE Asian American Queers on the Future of our United States. Please consider supporting the Philippines to keep Singapore welcome in the future-- not just today, but today and multiple years from now.

Q: Singapore defaulted on "Canada meaningless" sanctions in the Oval Office. Is that fair? A: Revenue and Powers Tribunal found, "The judgment does not hold that Singapore should default on Canada's SPA enforcement provisions" and recommended an "appropriate action bearing on the decision." Q: Is Washington reading the bracelets? A: "Our Permanent Representative speaks in Botswana...The Regular Presidency is not seen as being within the option for Asia." Group of nations at the AFCED slated to discuss issues based on the Oct 7th vote, but not Canada agreed to impose a tariff, to remove all trade barriers. Q: Central Asian country affecting most Americans and critical sectors? Says I know what sanctions looked like. The People's Republic of China and Russia are three of the more affected. The, speaking from a sift through rich countries, has individuals highlighting the efforts of free trade through "Havana Address." Sanctions are aimed at China more than poor cities or countries. And also to the countries spoken about regardless of various residential power sectors; developing countries, such as Bangladesh. Testify at contr.cc.ls and at SB contacts.' Quarter eps.ny^^ofciter 21, Hig, showing pr.ch 23, Skopje action until Nov 31 'Fight against imposition of tariffs for HIALI railroad and airport terminals.": Sa.ILY UNCLASSIFIED The owners should pay. "The report should also point to Clai'an Property Holdings Ltd and accounts, including the transaction book. Sar Hotel Indigo prices were quoted at Rs62,50."Captain [W] provides- qging lbs 3orce. compared to 25. Reg. JP Mob likewise, complaining about tariffs on his hotel.

Notes

Start time / sustain

Scheduled date

Scheduled end time is 1940. Access the N-Center course, Etisalat at June no. 7, 2, 12; Brill TV 18 minutes, 30 seconds. $150 in inventory and needs to be paid approximately 1 Nov. accessed at jsps 22590. New tourists'? Seems likely to be former Carter administration staff returning to Jimenez Airport

# Sample 3
 He insists that her name was not too funny. Another Gurkha Ambassador says that during this time Solomon Gou. was there. The Gurkha Department was flourishing - Dietary, Organics, Pharmaceuticals said it was getting funding from a company. These are the efforts they worked very hard refining, which enabled Singapore to pull together a diverse team of people, Kamline met his meet in the Sregis- doa 業境 and met his meet in the New Kru Kangagiori Chengu Insti Danschamp 業 業由称北流 (UK); Chinese New Zealand Foreign Minister David Wilson were donated. Section Chief S Thaumani Saweng is in Kathmandu. He helped bail out PAA Rambui, the founders of Hank'ers barbucks. On Day 15 inclusion of Singapore at the Summit made it clear that we do today how sad it is the responsibility of all Singaporeis to hold new friendships during Ramadan so they can create even more sets of bonds which strengthen world-historic organisations, heal wounds and uphold human dignity, diplomacy and unity. Everyone across the world are recognizing It is important for us - South Asians, African, Cambodian, Tibetan.Singaporeis already hold the global fame for surviving and in effect continue to do so. And remember, we are also a problem. No linguistic restriction; no seat-in-nation and even less welcoming treatment is discussed. Canadian-Chinese unity crisis appeared to happen at the peak. President Bali's death came as a result of a hostile campaign to stone Manchuria Dalai Lama. Amicable diplomatic support and peaceful meetings with Tibetans aside, as real problems have arisen affecting our interests and national interests, I am walking a tightrope, trying to reach something that does not exist. Together we achieve peace and there are tangible costs of our decisions to micromanage our society. Visa holderships close to 70,000, and private secretary collections of almost ¥122 million. While heartbreaking for all, as diplomacy could only progress so far with ideas, maths and science, it could also prove to have lots of value beyond the social support. However, future success will bring us more challenges and symbolism, further isolating the values in our society. Is there any Opportunity? I tell you, it provided more for all Singaporeans – hard-working and graduates – we now learn from Astride. I personally discovered this opportunity while working as a Monday Englandness courier. I will

# Sample 4
 Later, I'd hear that after delivering the award received to the guards (and the members of society and the officers in the centers), the minister of foreign affairs, chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (the heads of our bilateral accomplices' families), met TOK, the China Asha spokesman. This included Gabriel Reyes, whose wife pleaded with the Government of Hong Kong to make sure she and the editor of Malaysia Today, an independent news magazine whose main outlet is in Hong Kong, knew how to use the responsibilities they'd shared so widely. Revelations that former Canadian Pro sports broadcaster Brian Keah had confessed to baby snatching made me pause a thought: might people have let Brian just wash his hands while he played basketball? I encourage you to present him with your slab of kikaka musha snacks and let him decide his own positions.x The Consul General attended the Summit immediately on 22 March as he had been not assigned a specific screening. He has been cleared to visit the South who have described Canada as an outcast. I told my greatest fearer, Kay Licaji Rao, that student governments of Hong Kong and New Zealand operate on well-worn terms." Hong Kong is served by a trilingual, often less exalted, form of kin work. When I went to visit Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong this March draining the water supply from Wan Cheung Studios absorbed power from the Lake Gafyng River. Ah, tying the Yangtze River. Ugly, cruel ways.Ahem, literally. That's why commercial lights were put out everywhere in Metro key areas and subsidized art galleries as well as local transit hubs. I wish I had known to ride in boom times with a friend at home or see people at work or at parties at the same time. All I could do was you return unhindered. Sandy Geoghegan doctored airport cranes so everything got clearweb. Pretty cool. Arguably, you can be a beautician by securing $100/hour and working off it. Uber unlocks tipping.Arguably, Uber should have used too many of China's vast infrastructure projects with unimpeachable efficiency. Hout Junior is one of Singapore's top but poorly run startups: its own technical support team set road rules to start providing delivery services locally. I was a wee one when Malaysia bought Malaysian 383 to articulate its vision for an overcrowded city. And figuring out how my favorite smartphone target might improve my commuting experience could have been useful too. The Treasury (which funds
 
# Sample 5
 Thank you so much Penang! Later that evening, I walked to the 3 Western Seals Breakfast Ceremony. Thick peaks of ember were rising, and I was behind Pahang Palace when Rhee revealed his tall Chinese actor Iain Doyle. I enjoyed his athena, a full food table in beautiful Royal Place. I also described one police officer who stood guard in one metre adjacent to his body with his correct hand restrained so tightly. These officers pose on the table like statues, displaying their inner strength and power without detraction. When possible, I revealed to Sister Ang in China whose husband was the Chief Superintendent of Singapore Police's General Information Department the stern image of officers barreling down to their subjects with pillows behind their heads as if investigating their crimes. One of those detectives, seated next to his grave was ALSO HOMELESS. Congregational Commission member, M.N. Masien Booth Gow, President Singapore's National Communist Movement. As all revellers enjoyed our first MST, the Rho Al Hindi dinner concluded with laughter:  I've always felt honored by that Meaty Export, .They are from Burma, we so miss that place... "Most Chef'd names." It has been several years since the Association of Southeast Asian Nations published our Scorecard visited Burma, and thousands did share our heartfelt gratitude to the 11,000 food, fuel, necessary and inclusive humanitarian services available in the country. After leaving the dinner lawn at NR West, we took home 350 valuable Ravi W. His name so chants urged us to look inward. Inside the country, we saw the US senator where the unity thou hast? note crossed the imperial-style of weapon. For each good and caring mother the Tribune fires a rebuttal (a good heirloom heirloom is never criticized and never goes away). After receiving Miranda names, we clawed our way through Gouen's eyes and thirsty eyes alike with open eyes: Gen. Stewart Smith. Afterwards, we bowed and marched to their headquarters area inside training such as in the Choue Kard, operated by J.S. Gah, a mighty shepherding person who halted the execution of the army special devotion so thorough even Capt Kamp had to cut a deuce on a coach to help her through the training. Emptying that you belong to serve in an army who loves martyrdom with all your heart for now Fri Order Daniel Onda dom Rialaya, See to be Born, to two shtick pats on the security for your

